docs: improve docs of elements using DataItem interface (#960)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/list.md

## Usage

> The easiest way to populate the list is to pass an array of data items to `data` property. Items must adhere to the [Data Item](./custom-components/utils/data-management#data-item) interface.

Author: ```suggestion
The easiest way to populate the list is to pass an array of data items to `data` property. Items must adhere to [DataItem](./custom-components/utils/data-management#data-item).
```

el.data = data;
```

> The `data` property of the `ef-list` use the [ListData](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v7/packages/elements/src/list/helpers/types.ts) type for its data items. Each of this item defaults to type `ItemData`. It could also be anything extended from [DataItem](./custom-components/utils/data-management#data-item).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `data` property of the `ef-list` uses the [ListData](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v6/packages/elements/src/list/helpers/types.ts) type for its data items. Each of this item defaults to type `ItemData`. It could also be anything extended from [DataItem](./custom-components/utils/data-management#data-item).
```
